# LevelUpSpells
A small WoW Classic addon that tells you what spells you can learn at which level. I made it because I want to know when to go to the trainer and when I can skip it. I could have just made a list, but whatever.

## Features
* Notifies you about newly available spells when you reach a new level.
* Shows cost of spells, or whether it's learned from a quest or from a book.
* If learned from a book it also tells where it drops, if it's a specific place (e.g. AQ20 books).
* Only shows spells you can actually learn. This means you have the base talent, correct race and faction, and the classic phase has it available.
* **/lus missig** To tell you all the spells you are missing up to your currect level.
* **/lus \<level\>** To tell you what spells are available at the given level.

## Current State
**Bearly tested as I don't have access to beta.** This was made with an F2P BfA character on level 4 and just assuming how it works in classic for things that are different (e.g. talents).

The API in classic *should* be the same for most things I used, so it *should* work fine there, but I can't guarantee anything at all at this point. **If someone happens to find this and use it in beta feel free to report errors and bugs.** Spell lists were generated by a script from DB sites and pserver DBs and looked over by hand a few minutes each, so they may still be incomplete or have wrong data! I'm no neckbeard jesus... sadly.

Pet spells are unsupported, didn't even plan it because I won't play hunter or WL. MAYBE I'll add it later if I feel like it and there's at least 1 person who needs that.

#### TODO:
* Actually test this on beta/stress test/release, whatever comes first :(
* Check prices against retail classic